The hour has not yet come
Why is Lord Li sure it won't rain?
I have been in charge of Qintian prison for more than 20 years
Never went wrong
This demon girl is deceiving the public
The minister is really unbearable
Lord Li is confident
In case it really rains
Then Mr. Li is ugly
Absolutely impossible
I am willing to guarantee my position
If it rains
The official history of Chen Qintian's supervision
Don't do it
It's raining, it's really raining, is it really raining?
That's impossible.
I have clearly calculated this
Don't have this possibility?
Anyway.
This is the blessing of the people
Yeah, it's been three months.
The rain has finally arrived
Mr. Li, what else do you have to say?
The emperor is incompetent
Your Majesty, forgive me!
I didn't expect you to beg for rain.
There's so much more you don't know.
Wait for the emperor's reward
Qing rain is meritorious
I keep my promise
Save your handmaid from the punishment of sending Xin Zheku.
Immediately move back to the cold palace
Thank you, Your Majesty
The servant finally waited until the empress came back
scenery
Do we still have the hoe we used to dig for wild vegetables last time?
exist
That's fine.
Let's dig up a jar of wine tonight and celebrate
Empress, but the emperor summoned you to sleep tonight?